1.	In this Exercise, you learned how to use if-elif-else statements to run different tasks based on conditions that you define. Now practice that skill by writing a script for a simple travel app using an if-elif-else statement for the following situation: 

●	The script should ask the user where they want to travel. 
●	The user’s input should be checked for 3 different travel destinations that you define. 
●	If the user’s input is one of those 3 destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Enjoy your stay in ______!”
●	If the user’s input is something other than the defined destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Oops, that destination is not currently available.”
	
Write your script here. (Hint: remember what you learned about indents!)

destination = input("Where would you like to travel? ")
if destination == "Maldives":
    print("Enjoy your stay in Maldives!")
elif destination == "Barcelona":
    print("Enjoy your stay in Barcelona!")
elif destination == "Cancun":
    print("Enjoy your stay in Cancun!")
else:
    print("Oops, that destination is not currently available.")






2.	Imagine you’re at a job interview for a Python developer role. The interviewer says “Explain logical operators in Python”. Draft how you would respond.
The logical operators are and, or, and not. And operator means that two conditions need to be True in order to pass the condition, or for that matter requires only one condition to be met, and not will approve the conditions if they are False ( this and that, that or this, not (this , that)

3.	What are functions in Python? When and why are they useful?
Functions are sets of instructions that process or manipulate code to achieve a particular goal.

4.	In the section for Exercise 1 in this Learning Journal, you were asked in question 3 to set some goals for yourself while you complete this course.  In preparation for your next mentor call, make some notes on how you’ve progressed towards your goals so far.
