1.	In your own words, what is the difference between frontend and backend web development? If you were hired to work on backend programming for a web application, what kinds of operations would you be working on?

The main difference between the front end and the back end is that while the front end programs the optical aspect of the app, in addition to how the user experience the usage (navigation, speed of loading for instance), mean while the back end takes care of the data base, architecture, even logic of how the data from the API will be passed on to the Front.

2.	Imagine you’re working as a full-stack developer in the near future. Your team is asking for your advice on whether to use JavaScript or Python for a project, and you think Python would be the better choice. How would you explain the similarities and differences between the two languages to your team? Drawing from what you learned in this Exercise, what reasons would you give to convince your team that Python is the better option? 
(Hint: refer to the Exercise section “The Benefits of Developing with Python”)

Python has more potential applications to the App that will be developed, it has a strong community support (js does as well), python simplifies the readibility of the code making it easier to debug and understanding the documentation is simpler as well. In addition to the previous benefits, the python frameworks come with preinstalled operations.

3.	Now that you’ve had an introduction to Python, write down 3 goals you have for yourself and your learning during this Achievement. You can reflect on the following questions if it helps you. What do you want to learn about Python? What do you want to get out of this Achievement?
Where or what do you see yourself working on after you complete this Achievement?
I would like to work as a Frontend developer to establish myself in the IT market.
I would like to learn with python how to work the Backend such as with Node.js, I would like test how AI could be implemented within a project, I would like to be able to create fullstack applications with python to compare the tech stack.
